let us write a  program to find the gcd or greatest common divisor of two numbers.  suppose I have two numbers m is
30 and n is  21.
Now let me repeat how we can,
Let us re-learn that how GCD can be found for  2 number.
So if I have two numbers m and n, what we can do is, out of these two numbers whichever number is greater.
See this thirty is great.
And this is smaller.
So subtract smaller number from the greater number.
So this becomes 30 minus 21.
This is 9 and this is 21 now we have nine here nine and 21 which is greater.
This is greater.
So subtract the smaller number from that one  21 minus nine gives 12.
And this is 9 really still this number is smaller and this is a greater So subtract smaller number from
the greater numbers.
What is this 12 minus 9 is 3 and this is 9 only.
Now this time this is greater than that smaller.
So subtract 9-3 is 6.
And this is three only, this is  three as it is now 6 and 3.
This is great.
And so 6 minus 3 is a 3.
And this is 3 so no we have reached a stage where both the numbers are equal.
So therefore this is the gcd that is the greatest common divisor our highest common factor of two numbers.
So the common factor of thirty and 21 is three.
So the procedure is you have to subtract the smaller number from the greater number whichever is greater
which are a smaller check it and subtract it.
So we have to go on doing it until both the numbers become equal.
At least they will become equal to 1
If you are taking two prime no.s then they  will reduse down to finally one.
So you have to continue the procedure as long as these two are different when these two becomes equal
we should stop.
So now, right now m is 3 and n is also three.
So we should stop.
So here I read on the program I need 2 numbers.
m & n.
So we take two numbers from keyboard Enter two numbers, cin m and n. now what should I
do is if m is greater then n then from m subtract n and store the result in m only else if
then n>m then from n  subtract m.
And store the result in n.
So these two statements I have to go on repeating how long,  while m is not equal to n.
So where i should stop when they are equal, I should stop.
So how long i should continue as long as they are not equal i should Continue.
So once they are equals it will stop and here I can display GCD of two numbers that is m.
And so there are a lot of programs that you can go and some of the programs are in exercises so do those
by yourself.